feat: local Keycloak + Envoy Gateway dev-local setup (#1166)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: dev-local/keycloak/regenerating-the-realm-export.md

# Regenerating the realm export

If you manually change something in the local realm (new client, new

> scope, new user, etc.) and want to freeze it for future installs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scope, new user, etc.) and you would like to freeze it for future installs,
```

> regenerate the export and re-wrap it into the ConfigMap manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should regenerate the export and re-wrap it into the ConfigMap manifest:
```
